All right. Let's take a look at a sample solution for this exercise.
ABC company hosted applications.
ABC company shall provide general platform uptime of 99.9 percent.
This will exclude regular maintenance window from 01:00 AM-05:00 AM,
Central Standard Time every Sunday,
as well as windows from 01:00 AM-05:00 AM on
other days provided that ABC provides 24 hours of notice.
Our second component to our SLA is that it's covering a third-party components.
Some components of our system are beyond our control,
and thus we can only pass through the provided SLA of these vendors.
We only work with vendors and provide an SLA of
99.9 percent or better for all critical services.
The final component of our SLA covers non-critical components.
Those components deemed non-critical,
listed below are subject to a 95 percent uptime SLA.
These components are not core to our offering
but provides certain "nice to have" functionality.
In cases where these services are not available,
our platform shall continue to operate and provide core functionality as normal.